---
layout: default
---


## Publications

* **Papers**
  1. Vijay Daultani, Subhajit Chaudhury, Ishizaka Kazuhisa, **Convolutional Neural Network Layer Reordering for Acceleration**, Synthesis And System Integration of Mixed Information, SASIMI 2016.     
  Abstract: [here](http://tsys.jp/sasimi/2016/program/program_abst.html#R1-15)

* **Patents**
  1. Patent No. 1: Coming soon
  2. Patent No. 2: Coming soon

---

## Research Projects

* **Professional**
  1. **Convolutional Neural Networks**      
    Experimenting deep learning convolutional neural network on NEC's SX super computer architecture, inventing ways for optimal hardware utilization for acceleration. Researching new algorithms for convolutional operation of CNN.
  2. **Instruction Selection in Compiler**     
  	Invented a new technique for optimal instruction selection of a compiler and filed a patent for it.
  3. **Biometrics**     
    Profiled, analyzed biometrics application, modified data structures and proposed algorithms to suite and accelerate on underlying hardware architecture.     
  4. **Elevator Advisory**     
    Giving a optimal advice to the users whether to choose the conventional elevator system or stair case or escalator, by calculating and comparing the service time for each transportation medium like elevator, and staircase. 

* **Personal**
  1. **Data Visualization using Seaborn**          
     I created a Notebook for exploration, visualization and analysis of datasets using python, pandas, matplotlib and seaborn.    
     Code: [here](https://github.com/vijaydaultani/specimen/blob/master/visualization/seaborn_abalone.ipynb)
  2. **Parallel Computation using MPI**      
  	As a course project for CSV 880: Special Module in Parallel Computation, I implemented following two assignments.      
  	• Assignment 1: Averaging based computations on a matrix using block-cyclic distribution.       
  	• Assignment 2: Coming soon     
     Code : [here](https://github.com/vijaydaultani/CSV880)
  3. **Pintos**  
  	Pintos is a simple instructional operating system framework for the 80x86 processor architecture from Stanford University. As a course project for Resource management in Computer Science I implemented following modules in the framework of Pintos       
	• Loading and running user programs.     
	• Virtual Memory management.    
	• File system.    
  4. **CGRA**    
    Use LLVM to compile the computation intensive kernels in C into assembly code. A parser to 	identify data dependencies then parses the intermediate representation of code generated by LLVM and a DAG representing the data dependency is constructed. After which Instruction Legalization, Scheduling and Mapping on CGRA is performed.
  5. **NUCA**     
  	Analyzed energy breakdown of Static and Dynamic Non-Uniform Cache Access (NUCA). I measured the power consumption and collected heat generation patterns of NUCA architecture. Also interpreted inter banks link data access patterns.    
  	Presentation: [here](https://github.com/vijaydaultani/nuca)